Olive OS Web Edition Open Source Terms:

Olive OS Web Edition is on GitHub:
[https://github.com/olivewebsoftware/OliveOSWebEdition]

Olive OS Web Edition is an open source project started by OliveWeb. Anyone anywhere can contribute code via GitHub and download, distribute,
mod, or really anything with Olive OS Web Edition. Generic rules still do apply, and are listed below.

Contributing Code:
The code you contribute cannot contain malware, spyware, adware, PUPs, and any code where malicious code is present. All contributions
are scanned with VirusTotal, inspected, and tested on virtual machines to make sure it contains no malicious code.
The code you contribute cannot contain broken, non-funtional, poorly-written, or code that is riddled with bugs. If the code works
and doesn't break or throw an exception, we will include it.
The code you contribute must be written in any of these languages:
Visual Basic
HTML
CSS
JavaScript
PHP

Olive OS Web Edition is written around the idea of web apps. To create web apps, use HTML, CSS, or JS. To create base apps or the
core OS, use Visual Basic. Stuff like C#, F#, C++, or things like that cannot be used.

Web App Rules 

No jQuery (required)
No XML (optional)
For JavaScript, use var not let. (this is to maintain compalibility) [required]
There cannot be any external JS, CSS, TXT, PHP, or HTML files; no external files (to maintain fully working apps) (optional)
The rest are optional:
[If someone finds out how to add external files, then external files will be allowed.]
For images, they have to be downloaded from a website or server; they cannot be external.
If the WebBrowser element returns a script error, check your code before contributing it.
Always test web apps with the webbrowser element in visual studio or IE before sending to make sure it works.

Visual Basic Rules

All Required:
No Visual Studio plugins (Unnessasary/unwanted DLLs)
No visual basic mods (Awesomemium, etc.)
Images/Files must be in project resources, not from a local machine.


For Web Apps & Visual Basic:

As long as the code works, it will be accepted!


Credits and Code:
If you contribute more than 1 line of code, your name will be featured in the credits.

If you mod Olive OS Web Edition or edit it, please make the code for that modded version publicly available. If you don't, you are
stealing everyone's hard work.

All code is publicly online for anyone to view or contribute.

Why Open Source?

We want this version of Olive OS to be open source so the community can edit, see, or use the code. We want this software to be free
for everyone to use, edit, or view the code. We plan for Olive OS Web Edition to be a very cool project, by the community.

That's all!
For questions or concerns, please contact kk.online@mail.com
